I specifically asked Mr. Smith to leak Jade's scandal to the media.
She should be making headlines by now.
I can't wait to see it!
Breaking news, Bruce Morgan, heir to the Morgan group, will marry Jade Spencer,
the eldest daughter of the once prominent Spencer group in seven days.
What?
Sources say the couple were college sweethearts.
Despite the Spencer family having cut ties with Jade and moving abroad,
Bruce insists on the marriage moving forward.
I told you to sleep with Jade.
What did you do?
What is this news about Jade and Bruce getting married?
Bruce showed up last night, rescued Jade.
My hands were tied.
I'm going to air out your disgusting videos and you're going to rot in prison.
I can't proceed with this marriage.
It just can't.